The Robotics and Cloud-assisted Healthcare System (ROCHAS) is a cloud-based home robot health monitoring system: it is a combination of health monitoring, mobile multimedia communication, intelligent speech recognition, home entertainment, etc. Wireless Integrated Area Network (WBAN) seamlessly connected intelligent integrated system platform. At present, the research personnel in this direction include: 1 PhD supervisor, 1 doctor, and 4 masters.

At this stage, the ROCHAS group focuses on the construction and subsequent expansion of the robot platform. This robot platform has a variety of wireless communication functions. It can control the movement of robots through the Internet and wireless LAN, and integrates cloud speech recognition and offline speech recognition technology. Control the movement of the robot and make a simple human-machine dialogue. Remote real-time transmission of video through the camera. The robot platform has good software and hardware compatibility and scalability, can carry out robot research on the basis of robot platform, and quickly develop intelligent mobile robots for specific application scenarios.

The core functions of the robot platform include motion control, wireless communication and speech recognition. At the same time, it requires strong scalability to facilitate the addition of new functional components for later research and development. Achieving these functions involves multiple interdisciplinary research areas such as mechanics, electronics, and control. The motion control function requires the robot to provide flexible control commands to realize the front, rear, left and right motion, turning motion, circle motion, speed control, etc. of the robot. These control commands must be easily called by other components. The robot platform must support current mainstream wireless communication standards (such as 3G, WLAN, and Bluetooth) to meet the remote control and audio and video transmission requirements of the robot. Speech recognition is another technical problem. Through speech recognition technology, human-machine interaction and human-machine dialogue can be realized, which can greatly expand the application field of robots. The robot platform integrates speech recognition technology and can move through the voice robot. In order to reduce the difficulty of speech recognition and improve the accuracy of speech recognition, cloud computing-based speech recognition technology (such as Google's cloud speech recognition technology) can be used. When the network is accessible, the voice to be recognized is transmitted to the cloud platform for identification and the recognition result is obtained, and if the network is inaccessible, the local voice recognition module is invoked to implement voice recognition. Remote real-time transmission of video through the camera, real-time understanding of the surrounding situation of the robot.

The follow-up work will realize the construction of the robot sensing platform, the collection, storage and analysis of the medical physiological data of the guardian (integrated cloud platform), the local sensor network (the intelligent movement of the robot), and the intelligent obstacle and intelligent movement of the robot.